Welcome back. In this video,
we'll go over how this could have been prevented by moving just a single line of code.
If you weren't sure how to do it,
pause the video quick to look back again now that you know it's only one line,
that might help you get closer to the answer.
Otherwise, I'll move on and show you how this is done.
To prevent the hack for being possible,
all you need to do is move this line of code up to here.
That's all there is to it.
After doing this you set the balance to zero before sending the payout,
making it impossible to execute the same recursion on this contract,
well, technically they can still do
the recursion but they'll just get sent zero ether every time.
That's the solution to saving $60 million.
This was a quick video, but what I'm really hoping is that this process helped get
the idea across of how easily some of these things can be overlooked,
how much trouble it can cause and how easy it is to fix once you know what to look for.
There's a few patterns like this and we won't be going
through each of them in this much detail but we will go through
some of the research to find out how you can continue to stay
on top of the most recent vulnerabilities that have been found.
This will make you a much more valuable developer as you learn to avoid
making simple mistakes that can save your project from getting exploited.